TOOLS OPENING COUNTERS 1.0

STATUS
The code is prepared and locally tested. It is not deployed or connected to
a live counter database. The website stays on GitHub Pages. One small
Cloudflare Worker and D1 database hold the shared totals.
Until connected, the badges show a dash, not a fabricated zero.

WHAT YOU GET
Small badges at the bottom right of all three Tools cards, using the site's
existing background and text colors. The totals are shared across visitors.
EEG Cap Viewer and Paper Review show app page openings. NESTApp shows visits
to its website page; the website cannot see launches of its MATLAB download.
Bookmarks, direct URLs, and links from elsewhere count because the script
runs on the individual app pages. Visiting Tools or EEG's about page does
not increase app totals. Reloading an app does count again. Returning to a
page from the browser's back/forward cache does not count a second time.
This measures openings, not unique people, reviews completed, or time used.
The totals start when you enable the counter; no past visits are recovered.

OWNER RESET
Tools > Manage counters opens tools/counter-admin/index.html. You can reset
one app or all three. Enter your private admin token and confirm the reset.
The service checks the token; hiding a button is not the security measure.
The page does not store the token and clears its input before sending it.
Keep it in your password manager, never in the public website or GitHub.
Use Cloudflare's secret setting again if you need to rotate a lost token.

ONE-TIME SERVICE SETUP
You need your own Cloudflare account and a current Node.js 24 installation.
Review the provider's current plan and limits before deploying. This package
does not subscribe to a plan or create any external resources for you.

1. Extract this ZIP outside your website repository. Open a terminal in its
   counter-service folder and run:

   npm install
   npx wrangler login
   npx wrangler d1 create parsec-tool-counter

2. Open counter-service/wrangler.jsonc. Replace
   REPLACE_WITH_YOUR_D1_DATABASE_ID with the database ID from step 1.
   Keep its binding name DB. If Wrangler offers to add another database
   binding, decline and replace the supplied placeholder instead.
   ALLOWED_ORIGINS already contains https://parsecneuro.github.io.
   If your website uses another domain, replace it with that exact origin
   (HTTPS plus hostname, with no trailing slash or page path).

3. In counter-service run:

   npm run db:init
   npm run deploy
   npx wrangler secret put ADMIN_TOKEN

   At the secret prompt, paste a randomly generated password-manager token
   of 32-256 printable ASCII characters, with no spaces. Save it in your password manager.
   Reset requests fail closed until this secret is configured. Wrangler
   deploys the secret when it is set. Copy the deployed Worker address,
   for example https://parsec-tool-counter.YOUR-SUBDOMAIN.workers.dev.
   Do not put the token into wrangler.jsonc or the site's JavaScript.

INSTALL INTO YOUR CURRENT WEBSITE
The installer adds counter assets and makes small HTML additions. It
preserves your current app scripts and Tools card content. All three app
cards and entry pages must already exist, including Paper Review 0.3 or Alpha 1.
It stops before writing if a required page/card is missing.

4. Make a backup or commit your current website changes first. In the root
   of this extracted package, run the following as ONE LINE, replacing the
   two example paths/addresses with yours:

   python3 setup-counters.py "/path/to/your/website" --endpoint "https://parsec-tool-counter.YOUR-SUBDOMAIN.workers.dev"

   On Windows use python instead of python3. Quote any folder path with
   spaces. The selected website folder must contain assets/ and tools/.
   For a custom domain add --site-origin "https://your-domain.example" and
   also use that origin in the Worker's ALLOWED_ORIGINS setting.
   GitHub project sites work too: site-origin is still just the origin,
   not the repository path. Script paths are relative to your site root.

   The installer configures only the precise counter origin in existing
   Content Security Policies, including Paper Review and the reset page.
   It can be run again safely to change the counter address. Omitting
   --endpoint disconnects the counters and leaves badges showing a dash.

5. Review the changed files, then commit and push your website changes using
   the normal GitHub Pages workflow. Only the changed website files need
   to be published, not this package's counter-service or setup script.
   The installer adds:
     assets/css/tool-counter.css
     assets/js/tool-counter-config.js
     assets/js/tool-counter.js
     tools/counter-admin/index.html, admin.js, admin.css
   It updates tools/index.html and all three tools/<app>/index.html files,
   plus Paper Review's local-start guide if present.

CHECK IT ONCE LIVE
Open the Tools page and note the counts. Open an actual app directly in a
new tab (or use a bookmark), then return to Tools: its count should increase.
Check EEG's /tools/eeg-cap-viewer/index.html, not its /about.html page.
Use Manage counters to reset one count with your admin token. Other counts
should stay unchanged. Reloads count as openings. Service failure or blocked
requests display a dash and never prevent the apps from working.

PRIVACY AND LIMITS
The visit request has only a fixed app ID and a random ID unique to that
page load. The same random ID is reused for a few short retries so a network
retry does not add another opening. No cookies, visitor ID, browser storage,
PDF filenames, contents, notes, references, coordinates, or URL queries are
read by the counter client. Counter requests omit credentials and referrers.
The service stores totals and recent random request IDs with receipt times,
not IP addresses or browser fingerprints. Request IDs normally expire after
24-48 hours through scheduled cleanup. Reset preserves recent IDs so delayed
retries do not restore visits that were already counted before the reset.
Worker application logging is disabled in the supplied configuration.
Like any website service, its hosting provider handles connection metadata
under its own policies. No manuscript content is uploaded to that provider.
Local previews and other site origins do not send counter requests.

These are approximate opening counts: JavaScript blockers, offline visits,
or an unavailable service can miss openings; automated requests can inflate
them. Origin restrictions prevent casual use from other websites, but are
not proof of a human visitor. There is no claim of bot-proof analytics.

FUTURE TOOLS
This update registers your current three apps. Add the new app ID consistently
to the client, admin page, installer, Worker allowlist, and database schema
when adding another tool; redeploy the service and instrument its entry page.

OFFICIAL SETUP REFERENCES
GitHub Pages static hosting:
https://docs.github.com/en/pages/getting-started-with-github-pages/what-is-github-pages
Cloudflare D1 setup:
https://developers.cloudflare.com/d1/get-started/
Worker secret storage:
https://developers.cloudflare.com/workers/configuration/secrets/

VALIDATION
Service logic was tested locally using real SQLite statements and a D1 API
adapter. Client behavior was tested with browser-API/fetch fixtures. The
installer was checked against the available website and Paper Review pages.
The package has not been tested against a deployed Cloudflare service or in
a graphical browser in this environment. Perform the live check above after
deployment.
